Question 1
List the major functions of project management and briefly explain each in your own words. [2 points].

A project management is a set of principle( processes ) supported by tools for
1. Defining : Scoping the project(Problem / Opportunity, Goal, Objective, Indentification, Success Criteria, Risk, etc)
2. Planning : Developing the plan( WBS / Schedule / Resource requirements / Construct, analyze project network / prepare the project proposal )
3. Excuting : Launching the plan
4. Controlling : Monitoring & Controlling
5. Completing : Closing out the project

Question 2
Describe the cone of uncertainty for estimation [3 points].

The Cone of Uncertainty shows how an estimate will start with a high degree of uncertainty ? either over-estimated or under-estimated ? which then improves over time as more is known about the task(s). 
The diagram shows several common stages within a project and shows how accuracy will be increased as the project progresses.
If, therefore, it is not possible to guarantee the accuracy of an estimate, then another approach is required.
It is reasonable to assume that an estimate for completion of a single task could be bounded by a range of best and worst possible cases. 
If such a range is further defined as having a most likely completion point, an estimation profile for the task can be demonstrated.

Question 3
How is the tiered pattern different from the layered pattern? Generally what quality attribute properties
can we reason about in each pattern? [5 points]

Layers are not tiers and tiers are not layers.
Layer elements are code-oriented structures like packages, modules, and libraries(Static perspective)
Layer elements often disappear at run-time.
Tier elements are processes / thread visible dynamically.( dynamic perspective).
So, they are different.

We consider quality attributes.
layered pattern :  modifiability, portability, reusability, performance, etc.
tiered pattern :  security, reliability, performance, scalability, etc.

Question 4


[중요 요약 정리]
*** Earned Value [ IMPORTANT]

An Objective Measure of how much Work has been Accomplished based on the Planned Value
What we got for what was Spent!

[NOTE] your mentor shall ask you about “Earned Value” for your project!!

Q: deliver something but has defect then, is it is earned(completed) or not?
A : there should be a some criteria on earned/lose condition.
  -> if you don’t do that , than guaranteed to fail.

*** Middleware
The term “middleware” comes from the fact that it is the software and hardware that exists between clients and servers.
Essentially middleware abstracts operating systems and communication protocols (e.g. sockets)
Hiding distribution and the various interconnected parts of a system running in distributed locations
Hiding the heterogeneity of the various system elements 
Providing uniform, standard, high-level interfaces to application developers and integrators ease composition, promote reuse, and interoperability;
Provide common services to perform various general purpose functions to avoid duplication facilitate collaboration between applications.

it decouples clients from servers. It eases issues associated with: 
security management
transaction management reliability
performance (in terms of load leveling)
changing or supporting multiple protocols merging data
transition/migration (technology, application, new data formats, protocols…)

*** Choose the right software method for the job
1. The need for flexibility
2. Categories of method
3. Compareing development methods
4. Categories of projects
5. You may need several method

1. Key word in context
   문제 : KWIC는 문장에서 키워드를 뽑아내는 시스템으로 Solution으로 
   
   Solution 1 : Main Program / Subroutine with Shared Data
                        - Main에서 Data를 공유하여 문장 분석함
   Solution 2 : Abstract Data Type
                        - Data 종류에 따라, OO디자인의 Overloading 이용해 분석함.
   Solution 3 : Implicit Invocation
                        - Solution 1과 비슷하나 아래 두가지가 다름
                           1) 데이터의 인터페이스가 좀더 추상적임. 
                          2) 데이터가 수정되면 자동으로 묵시적으로 동작함.
   Solution 4 : Pipes and Filters
                        장점 : 1) 직관적인 흐름이 유지되고 있음(Intuitive flow of processing)
                                    2) 각 필터는 독립적으로 작동하기 때문에 재사용이 가능(Reusability)
                                    3) 각 필터는 수정이 용이함(Modifiability)
                        단점 : 1) 두개이상 시스템에서 상호 교류 지원을 위해 디자인 수정이 거의 불가능함.
                                     2) 메모리 활용면에서 비효율적임(Inefficiency)
  S1 ~ S4 비교                       
   Solution 2와 4가 좋음.
  대신 직관적인 흐름과 수정이 용이한 Pipes and Filters가 유리해 보임.
Good Solution is 2 and 4.   
I recommend "Pipes and filters", because it is easy to modify and reuse.

*** Client and Sever



 